SYLABUS OF CLIMILAL DISCIPLINE OF Science and Methodology of higher education: Third (enlightened). Specials: 022 design; 051 Economics; 073 Management; 075 Marketing; 076 Sub-community, Trade and Exchange Activity; 081 Right; 132 Materialistry; 133 Galouseeving; 141 Electricity, electrotechnics and electromechanics; 151 automatics and computer-intensive technologies; 152 Metrology; 161 chemical technologies and engineering; 182 technology of easy industry; 226 pharmacies, industrial pharmacies. The element of discipline is a duty. &gt;&gt; Saquen A.V. 1.Studiation of the Semestres courses: the total number of hours 120, of which are lecture  liked 12 years, seminars, 24 years, self-recogniz 84 years; the number of ECTS credits, 4 capacity for abstract thinking, analysis and synthesis; ability to design projects and manage them; ability to generate new ideas (creativity); the formation of a system of scientific/ art view, professional ethics and a global cultural sphere; the ability to work in an international context; the ability to do scientific forwarding. activity: The results of learning discipline: the essence, the structure of the philosophy of science, the methods, and the approach to the processes that take place in nature, in society, and in scientific research; the features and underlying aspects of social relations and scientific processes; the history of creation and science, the present state of world and domesticism philosophical and scientific reasoning; to know classical works that form the source of philosophical science; the essence of basic philosophical and methodological approaches to scientific research and scientific development; the content of basic concepts, theories of scientific development; the basic philosophical categories and general sciences, the structure of science, and A rating of science; to have a basic understanding of the philosophy of science; to adopt the entire range of approaches to philosophical methodological analysis; to be able to apply in his scientific research; and to have a convincing grasp of the categorized apparatus of science; and to participate consciously in scientific research and social research. Life; solving your scientific and life problems in civilized cooperation with other people, respecting their interests and their scientific beliefs; applying your knowledge in scientific and practical activities; effectively using modern methodology of scientific knowledge and new methods of scientific research; creative use general methodology in scientific research and practical practice, in moral evaluation of one's own actions, by properly relying on sources of information in the case of taking ideas, statements, information, by recognizing the standards of academic virtue; by recognizing the importance of standards of academic virtue; by estimating human examples. behavior according to the standards of academic virtue; to give moral appreciation to your actions; to match moral and professional standards; to develop new ideas; to help solve complex problems in some field of professional and/or scientific innovation; to apply the methodology of science and education. activities, as well as a scientific study of the results of scientific innovation, theoretical and practical; to develop projects and manage them; abstract thinking; to generate new ideas; to form a system-based scientific and scientific outlook; to form a professional ethic and a general cultural horizon; to communicate in a foreign language; to use information and communication technology; to work in an international context; to understand and solve theoretical, methodological, outlook on modern science; and to provide a comprehensive outline of basic issues of philosophy and methodology at the level of objective, ideologically untaxed The vision of the problems of modern science: having skills: practically using basic philosophical concepts, methods and approaches in the process of scientific activity; delving into the basic points and directions in the philosophy of science and science; applying knowledge of basic philosophical scientific techniques; the ability to do so. To prove and defend your scientific position thoroughly and logically; to make a conscious approach to your professional activities; to act in professional and educational situations with academic virtue and professional ethics; to decide on your own: both practical and life's practical problems in civilized cooperation with other people; respecting their interests and their scientific beliefs; applying what they learn in collective science and practical activities; applying critical thinking to analysis of the results of their own scientific research, his scientific innovation, his theoretical and practical value to uphold principles of tolerance and scientific and professional correctability in the process. Cooperation with colleagues is within the scientific community. Required educational components (prescriptions, proofs, and post-prequisitions): a foreign language for academic purposes; information and communication technologies in scientific research; intellectual property and commercialization of scientific research; educational skill in high school; educational practice. Subjects: Theme 1. Science as a matter of philosophical analysis, subject two, theme two, fundamental stages of science. Theme three, philosophy of science: origins and principal stages of development. theme four, science as a specific type of knowledge, subject 5. Classification of science. Philosophy and science at the limits of the 20th to the 9th century, and the topic of the 8th of modern science, and the subject of the 9th of science, and the problem of science, and the subject of science, and the subject of science's responsibility, and the subject of science's 10th, science's production of innovative knowledge, the philosophy of technology, and the theme 11th of technology, the development of modern science and technology, and the theme 12th of philosophy and scientific consideration of mankind's problems. Types of tutorials: lecture, seminars, consultations. Teaching methods: verbal, lexical, reproductive, research, learning method. Summary Controls: Exams: Exams. The tools for learning success: individual tasks (referts, presentations), modular, summary controls, learning language: Ukrainian.2.rates: Spreading points that are going to get the current ratings and self-referred work of the IC Examen Sum (testable) T1 T2 T3 T4 T5 T6 T7 T7 T8 T9 T10 T11 T12 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 20 20 20 100 Levelings Out of Labor Education, T1 T2 T3 T4 T5 T6 T6 T7 T8 T9 T10 T11 T11 12 are ranked in a ball studio performance of 3 3 3 3 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 4 6 6 6 6 4 3 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 3 3 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 [referts, training, presentation) mod 20 control (test) 10 (test) 10 (the 100 disciplines) The evaluation of the 10 points - the postgraduate at full cost - has the teaching material, free, self - argumentatively presented, profound, and comprehensive meaning of theoretical questions, using the required, and additional literature - to freely use scientific terminology, gives arguments for self - justification. Nine points - the postgraduate student - possesss complete material, free, self - argumentatively teaches, deep and comprehensive the meaning of theoretical questions, using the required literature, freely using scientific terminology, performing analysis, and making conclusions. 8 points -- the postgraduate has enough information to possess, it's well documented, it's basically revealing the content of theoretical questions, it's using scientific terminology, and some of the questions are not well researched, and there's a lot of argument. The seven points -- the postgraduate is quite possessive, there's a lot of instruction, there's a lot of logic, there's a lot of scientific terminology, there's not enough depth, there's very little argument, there's just some inaccuracies, there's very little error. The six points of the issue, as a postgraduate, represent much of the study material, highlights its basic contents, reveals basic knowledge of individual positions, and is unable to do a deep, comprehensive analysis. Five points - a graduate - create a study material, exposes its basic contents, reveals basic knowledge of individual positions, is incapable of deep, comprehensive analysis, does not use the necessary literature, allows essential inaccuracies and errors. Four points a graduate student does not possess in sufficient scope, but they do cover the courses in a superficial way, they do not reveal the contents of theoretical questions. 3 points יהוה aspirants are unable to present the content of most questions on subject, course, academic material at the level of test recognition, makes significant errors. 0-2 points - the postgraduate doesn't have the educational material, can't light it up, do not understand the content of theoretical questions and practical tasks. The quality of the rating sheet is matched by a national rating of the Rating on the Rating Scale to Explain the Explanation scale, KP, CR ECTS / lock/ Great 90-100 A counted (inclusive execution with only a small number of errors) Very good 82-89 B (a middle level with multiple errors) Good/ Good is 74-81 C (a generally true execution with a certain number of significant errors) Freely 64-3 D Uncondeserved/ (not bad, but with a large number of drawbacks) counted 60-63 E (exacting matches minimum criteria) Uncondemned 35-59 FX Uncondemned/ (with re-constitution feature) Undeserved 0-34 F (for the required second study of discipline) 3. The course policy: Complianceal adherence to academic virtue, namely: the self-fulfillment of all kinds of tasks, jobs, forms of control, For the work-based educational discipline; -- copyright and related rights regulations; -- references to sources in terms of ideas, development, information; -- providing reliable information about the results of their own academic (scientific, creative) activities, the use of method of research and source Information: When the plagiarized work is discovered, the job is not considered. This is given a different task. To get a positive assessment of the discipline, you need to get a minimum score for each scheduled job. The passing of a job/ transfer is possible for good reasons: Hospital, academic mobility.