MINISTRY OF EDUCATION AND SCIENCE OF UKRAINE
LUTSK NATIONAL TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY
FACULTY OF DIGITAL, EDUCATIONAL AND SOCIAL TECHNOLOGIES
DEPARTMENT OF FOREIGN AND UKRAINIAN PHILOLOGY
APPROVED APPROVED
Dean of the Digital, Educational Head of the Scientific and Methodological
and Social Technologies Faculty Council
_________________ Halyna HERASYMCHUK ______________ Nadiia КOVALCHUK
«__» _________________ 2024. «__»_______________2024 .
SYLLABUS
the discipline − Professional English
degree of higher education − master's degree
field of study − 02 Culture and Arts
specialism/program subject area – 022 Design
Educational Program − Design
Form of Сourse Semester Lectures Contact hours Self-study (hrs) Total Сredit Exam
training (year of (hrs) (hrs) (semester) (semester)
training)
Total of them Total of them
Training Individual
(hrs) task (hrs)
Full-time І 1 - 45 - 75 30 120 1 -
Part-time І 1 - 8 - 112 30 120 1 -
Lutsk- 2024

STRUCTURE OF THE SYLLABUS
Professional English
1. Description of the discipline Professional English
Field of study, specialism, degree of
The discipline –
higher education Characteristics of the academic discipline
Professional English
Number of Field of study Compulsory course
ECTS credits – 4 - 02 Culture and Arts
Number of credit Specialism/program subject area Year of training – 1
modules: – 4 – 022 Design Semester - 1
Number of content Degree of higher education Contact hours
modules –2 – master 45 hours – full-time training
8 hours –part-time training
Total hours: Self-study hours
120 hrs 75 hours – full-time training (an individual task is
30 hours )
112 hours - part-time training (an individual task is
30 hours)
Weekly hours – 8 hrs, Type of final control:
3 of them are contact hours 1 semester – credit
2. Aim and objectives of the discipline Professional English
2.1. The aims of studying the discipline
- practical: to develop students' general and professionally-oriented communicative language
competences (linguistic, sociolinguistic and pragmatic) in English to allow them to communicate
effectively in their academic and professional environment;
The course program of Professional English aims to achieve the students’ levels of language
competence that meet international standards stipulated in the Common European Framework of
Reference for Languages and in the National ESP Curriculum:
А1 – breakthrough
Basic user
А2 – waystage
В1 – threshold
Independent user
В2 – vantage
Proficient user С1 – effective operational proficiency
С2 – mastery
The ESP Curriculum recognizes that the English language proficiency level B2 may be sufficient
for verbally non-demanding specialisms of master students.
- educational: to foster the ability to self-evaluate; and to develop a capacity for autonomous
learning which will enable students to continue to learn in academic and professional situations
before and beyond graduation;
- cognitive: to expose students to academic activities that draw on and further develop the
full range of their cognitive abilities;

- developmental: to help students to form general competences so that they can develop their
personal motivation (values, ideals, etc.); to foster students’ confidence as users of the language,
and to encourage the development of positive attitudes and feelings towards learning the target
language;
- social: to facilitate and develop students’ critical self-awareness and interpersonal skills
and to contribute meaningfully to a changing international environment;
- socio-cultural: to develop a broad understanding of important and different international
socio-cultural issues in order to operate appropriately in culturally diverse professional and
academic environments.
2.2. The objectives of studying the discipline
The main objectives of studying the discipline Professional English:
- acquire practical foreign language skills in various types of speech activity in the scope of
topics determined by professional needs; receive the latest professional information from foreign
sources;
- use oral monologic and dialogic speech on professional topics;
- translate scientific, academic and professionally oriented texts from English into the native
language;
- abstract and annotate scientific and professional literature in native and English languages.
2.3. Title and description of competences, the formation of which ensures the study of the
discipline Professional English
Integral competence
The ability to solve complex tasks and problems in the field of design or in the learning
process, which involves conducting research and/or implementing innovations and is characterized by
uncertainty of conditions and requirements.
General competence
4 - Ability to work in an international context.
The content of the skill is the ability to use the acquired knowledge in the professional and
academic sphere.
2.4. Prerequisites for studying the discipline
In order to master the necessary theoretical and practical knowledge, students should first
study the discipline English or English for Specific Purposes and have the level of an independent
user.
2.5. Learning outcomes
4 - To present the results of activities in the scientific and professional environment in
Ukraine and beyond.
2.6. Tasks of lectures
Lectures are not provided in the curriculum.
2.7. Tasks of contact hours
Conducting contact hours is aimed at combining theoretical knowledge and practical skills
of students for their further application in professional communication.
The tasks of conducting contact hours are:
- gain skills and knowledge of a foreign language in the area of business, academic and
professional communication;

- improve reading skills of various types of authentic texts containing academic, business
and specialism-related information from textbooks, newspapers, magazines, specialist journals or
web-based resources;
- form abilities and skills of written communication;
- improve listening skills through intensive and extensive listening;
-acquaint students with a job search strategy and the process of interviewing abroad and in
Ukraine,
-master telephone etiquette; organize business meetings and negotiations with clients;
- make a presentation, give clear prepared individual or team presentation on wide range of
topics within design field.
3. Indicative Content
1 semester
Content Module 1. Introduction into Professional English
Theme 1. Studying at the University
Theme 2. Self-Introduction. Transliteration. Visiting Card
Theme 3. Writing CV
Theme 4. Business Letter and Letter of Application
Theme 5. Job interviews
Theme 6. Business Etiquette
Theme 7. Codes of ethics and codes of conduct
Theme 8. Telephoning
Content Module 2. In the Workplace
Theme 9. Types of Business Organizations
Theme 10. Company Structure
Theme 11. Design Studio
Theme 12. Giving a Successful Presentation
Theme 13. Presenting a project
Theme 14. Business Meeting
Theme 15. Business Negotiations
Credit
4. Structure of a Credit of Professional English
(full-time training /part-time training)
1 semester
Forms of
Hours
Assessment
full-time part-time
including including
Content Modules and
Theme Titles
Total s e r u tc e l
s r u
o h tc a tn o s b a l
la
u d iv id n i k s a t
y
d f u le t s s - Total s e r u tc e l
s r u
o h tc a tn o s b a l
la
u d iv id n i k s a t
y
d f u le t s s -
c c
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
Content Module 1. Introduction into Professional English
Theme 1.Studying at the 6 3 3 5,5 0,5 5 AM2, AM4
- - -
University
Theme 2. Transliteration. 6 3 3 5,5 0,5 5 AM2, AM4
Self-introduction. Visiting - - -
Card
Theme 3. Writing CV 6 - 3 - 3 6 1 - 5 AM2, AM4
Theme 4. Business Letter 6 3 3 6 1 5 AM2, AM4,
- - -
and Letter of Application AM6, AM7
Theme 5. Job interviews 6 3 3 6 1 5 AM2, AM4,
-
AM6, AM7

Forms of
Hours
Assessment
full-time part-time
including including
Content Modules and
Theme Titles
Total s e r u tc e l
s r u
o h tc a tn o s b a l
la
u d iv id n i k s a t
y
d f u le t s s - Total s e r u tc e l
s r u
o h tc a tn o s b a l
la
u d iv id n i k s a t
y
d f u le t s s -
c c
Theme 6. Business 6 3 3 5 - 5 AM2, AM4
-
Etiquette
Theme 7. Codes of ethics 6 3 3 5 - 5 AM2, M4,
-
and codes of conduct AM6,
Theme 8. Telephoning 6 - 3 3 5 - 5 AM2, AM4
Total Content Module 1. 48 24 - 24 44 4 - 40
Content Module 2. In the workplace
Theme 9. Types of 6 3 3 6 AM2, M4
- - 1 - 5
Business Organizations
Theme 10. Company 6 3 3 6 AM2, M4,
- - 1 - 5
Structure AM6, AM7
Theme 11. Architect 6 3 3 6 AM2, M4,
- - 1 - 5
Studio/Design Studio AM6
Theme 12. Giving a 6 3 3 8 - AM5, AM6,
- - 1 7
Successful Presentation AM7,
Theme 13. Presenting a 6 3 3 8 AM5, AM6,
- - 8
project AM7,
Theme 14. Business 6 3 3 6 AM2, M4
- - 6
Meeting
Theme 15. Business 6 3 3 6 AM2, M4
- - 6
Negotiations
Total Content Module 2 42 21 - 21 46 4 - 42
Complex practical AM9
30 30 30 30
individual task
Total (semester) 120 45 30 45 120 8 - 30 82
5. Themes of contact hours
The purpose of studying lexical material is 1) to learn and be able to reproduce lexical
units in productive types of speech activity; 2) carefully study the material and use it in dialogic and
monologic speech and in writing.
The purpose of studying grammatical material is mastering grammatical speaking skills:
reproductive, i.e. grammatical skills of speaking and writing (active grammatical minimum) and
receptive skills, i.e. listening and reading grammatical skills (active and passive grammatical
minimum).
№ Theme title Lexical material Grammatical material
з/п
Content Module 1. Introduction into Professional English
1 1. Studying at To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Types of questions.
the University speaking skills: educational establishment, the General Present Simple
Engineering Faculty, Motor-Car and Highway Engineering
Future Simple
Institute, branch ability, to reveal, to train specialists, full time
training, training by correspondence, to combine, the curriculum,
to envisage, thorough, to carry out, to involve, a contest,
annually, well-equipped, to provide, facilities, aim, to devote, a
bilateral agreement, to master, to embrace, promotion
department, college, faculty, M.A. (Master of arts), board, MS,
M.Sc. (Master of science), defense a thesis, Master degree
Discussion 1. What is the difference between MA and MSc? 2.
What are electives for arts/science students? 3. What is the first
professional degree?
Discussion. LNTU
2 2. Self- To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Present Simple, Past
introduction. speaking skills: Academic, visiting card, transliteration, Simple

Transliteration acknowledge, adapted physical education, administration
Visiting Card admission, admit (to), be admitted, advisor, allocate, applicant,
application, apply (for admission), assign, assignment,
assessment, assistant professor,
associate professor docent, attain, attain
habilitation/professorship
self-employed, sickness benefit, team spirit, to be in business, to
be out of business, to build up business, to mind one’s own
business, to raise capital, to resign, unsociable hours, white-collar
worker, workaholic.
Discussion: Retell about yourself
3 3. Writing CV To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Present Simple / Present
speaking skills: Progressive, Stative Verbs
applicant, application, background, bonus, candidate, career,
challenge, competitive, employment agency, essential, crucial,
vital, final decision, hiring, team spirit, to accept a job, to apply
for a job, to appoint, to be appropriate, to meet qualifications for
the job, to mind one’s own business, to neglect, to offer the job,
to turn down the job, trainee, wage/salary.
Discussion. What is the difference between Resume and CV?
4 4. Business To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Present
Letter and speaking skills: Perfect/Preset perfect
affiliation, award, background, bi-lingual, blocked or open
Letter of progressive
punctuation, career, challenge, consistently, cover letter, CV
Application
(curriculum vitae), date of birth, education, experience, fluent,
graphology, interest, job objective, letter of application,
miscellaneous, nationality, native language, qualifications,
reference, skill, sludge pile, tenured position, to enclose, to toss,
training work history
Discussion. What impression do you try to give in an application
letter? Should an application letter be handwritten, typed, or
laser-printed? Do you always tell the absolute truth in application
letters?
5 5. Job To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Direct/Indirect
Interviews speaking skills:: questions
appearance, arms folded across your chest, attributes, body
language, bottom line, casual, casual Fridays, cheap commodity,
confidence, eye contact, family status, follower, follow-up letter,
gesture, impression, inappropriate questions, intelligent,
intimidating, inviting, job offer, leader, marital status, neat,
outcome, panel, politeness, posture, reliability, self-
confident, skill, spontaneous, stylish, team player, thank you
note/follow up letter, to afford, to be anxious, to bring smth up, to
disrupt, to entail, to establish rapport, to fit in, to handle
adversity, to interact, to rehearse, to reiterate, traits, weird
questions
Discussion. How do you see your future profession? What kind
of work are you interested in? What are the tips relating to
appearance and body language?
6 6. Тhe To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Past Progressive/ Past Simple
Business speaking skills: business suit, canteen culture, casual clothes,
casual/dress down Fridays, chaotic, company/corporate culture,
Etiquette
competitive edge, conservative, cornerstone, corporate social
responsibility (CSR), credible, decision-making, deference for
respect, embedded, entertaining, ethics, eye-contact, familiarity,
formal clothes, forms of address, gesture, handful of something,
handshaking, hard-working, heated discussion, hospitable,
hospitality, humiliation, indifferent, individualistic, inevitable,
interruption, to interrupt, janitorial staff, lazy, lively, long-hours
culture, macho culture, management layers, mean, meticulous,
misconduct, misunderstanding, modest, narrow-minded, nasty,
noisy, patient, pay-for-performance, polite, precedence, probity,
promotion by seniority, prompt delivery, public holiday, public-
spirited, punctuality
Discussion: What would you tell a foreign visitor about good
manners in your country? How much do you think international
business is improved by knowing about foreign people’s
customs?
7 7. Codes of To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Past Perfect Simple / Past
Ethics and speaking skills: stereotypes, stony silence, subordinate, superior,

Codes of taskforces, team of equals, to be engaged in, to be familiar with, Perfect Progressive
Conduct to be likened, to cross one’s legs, to differentiate by position, to
diffuse tension, to evolve, to fold one’s arms, to frown, to
generate new ideas, to reinforce team-spirit, to underestimate, to
withdraw, tolerant, transparency, trustworthy, unfriendly,
unkempt, unobtrusive, unpredictable, unshaven, verbal combat,
well-groomed hands, well-organized, working breakfast, working
schedule
Discussion: What are the points of ideal code of conduct?
8 8. Telephoning To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Present Simple
speaking skills: Future Simple
answering machine, area code, country code, dialing tone (US:
dial tone), direct line, engaged tone (US: busy tone), extension
number, have the wrong number, home number, mobile phone
(US also: cell phone), number unobtainable, off the hook, person-
to-person call/personal call, the line’s busy, to catch something,
to connect to dial, to dial a wrong number, to fix an appointment,
to get back to somebody on something, to put somebody through,
to return somebody’s call, take a message
Discussion: 1. Are there any differences between formal and
informal telephone conversations. 2. What are the main rules of a
business call? 3. What business call manners do you know? 4.
How do you usually make an appointment?
Content Module 2. In the workplace
9 9 Types of To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Prepositions
Business speaking skills:
Organizations to own; a partnership, a corporation production, distribution, a
profit; a market; a works; an aim, expenses proprietorship,
advantage, attribute, formality, regulations an agreement;
prearranged, a stockholder, taxation, investment, ongoing, “off-
the-shelf” company
agreement of association (company, etc. ) articles of
incorporation, assets, association, bankruptcy, board of directors,
bond, CJSC (closed joint stock company), common stock,
company competitor, contract, for-profit corporation, franchise,
franchise agreement, franchisee, franchisor, fraud, from time
immemorial, general partnership, goodwill, individual (private
entity)
Discussion: What types of business organizations do you know?
2. What are advantages and disadvantages of every type? 3.
Describe the type of an organization in which you would like to
work. Why?
10 10. Company To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic
Structure speaking skills:
mass redundancies, the managerial ladder, the customer,
teamwork, mini-companies, cultural attitudes, the latest ‘fashion’,
right from the beginning, became popular, unemployed
executive, management expert, completely restructure at all
levels, may be excluded, can’t match the competition, to
economize, to come in for, to come up with, to consist of/to be
composed of/to be made up of, to cut back on to delegate
responsibility, to demolish, to fire up, to flop, to get down to, to
get on to, to get rid of smth, to impede, to keep pace with, to keep
up with, to lay the cornerstone, to live up to, to maintain, to make
redundant, to pool together, to put in for, to put up with
Discussion: How many different ways of organizing or
structuring a company can you think of? 2. If you work for a
company or organization, how would you describe the company
structure?
11 11. Design Studio To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Passive voice
speaking skills: surrounding landscape, equipped with all the
tools, to conceive and develop ideas, to move at a faster pace,
maintain a studio at home, meetings with potential clients, to
handle the general clerical details….
Discussion: What famous architect or design studios do you
know? 2. Who is your favourite designer? Why?
12 12. Giving a To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic
Successful speaking skills:
Presentation audience rapport, body language, flip chart, handout, lectern,

O.H.T. - abbr. overhead transparency, overhead projector -
O.H.P. abbr. podium/platform, pointer, slide, to commence, to
illustrate/to give examples, to outline, visual aids, whiteboard
Discussion: 1. What is the structure of the presentation? 2. How
many slides do you need? 3. What do you write on the title slide?
4. What are the ways to begin a presentation? 5. What are the
ways to end a presentation? 6. Rules of writing and editing the
text of the slide.
13 13. Presenting a To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Infinitive with to and without to
project speaking skills: do not hurry be enthusiastic give time on
visuals, maintain eye contact modulate your voice look
friendly keep to your structure use your notes signpost
throughout remain polite when dealing with difficult questions.
Task: Prepare a presentation on your project
14 14. Business To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic Used to – would – was/were
Meeting speaking skills: agenda, casting vote, consensus, minutes, going to
circulate, apologies, chairperson, items arising, conduct, to take
the minutes
Task: Prepare the minutes of an imaginary meeting.
15 15. Business To learn lexical material and develop dialogic and monologic
Negotiations speaking skills:
to negotiate, to strike / to clinch a bargain , to bargain, to reach
agreement, to discuss, to draft a contract, to persuade, to sign the
contract, to compromise, to implement the agreement, to make a
deal, to break / to breach the contract , price, warranties and
guarantees, delivery and terms, insurance, discount, quality
control, payment and credit, penalties, exclusivity, legal
jurisdiction, licenses.
Discussion: 1. What is a 'negotiation'? 2. How would you judge
the success of a negotiation? 3. What makes a good negotiator? 4.
Do you think people should tell the complete truth when
negotiating? 5. Have you ever been involved in formal or
informal business negotiations? Describe your experiences. 6.
How to be a good negotiator?
6. Complex practical individual task
An individual task in Professional English is performed independently by each student.
Preparation of the task is carried out on the basis of studied lexical and grammatical material and
collected information on the Internet, its analysis and formulation of conclusions. An individual
task is drawn up in accordance with established requirements and it is one of the mandatory credit
modules in Professional English.
The aim of performing a complex practical individual task is to develop a project on a given
topic (of the student's choice):
1. Soft skills and hard skills in the professional life of a designer.
2. Booming business: how to build up!
3. Team building issues.
4. Time management and its role in your personal and professional life.
5. Design studying for adults and children.
In individual work, students must show:
- correct understanding of the task;
- ability to work with literary sources;
- their opinions on the chosen topic and draw reasonable conclusions based on the
conducted research;
- ability to use the theoretical knowledge gained during conducted hours, apply modern
research methods of working with information.
The results of the work should be presented in the form of a presentation.

7. Self-study
The organization of students' self-study requires special attention, since part of the questions
of each topic is studied by students independently. The student's self-study is ensured by the system
of educational and methodological tools. Self-study is an integral part of a summative assessment
together with educational materials mastered during contact hours.
1 semester
№ Theme title Hours
Full-time/part-time
1 Article. 3/5
All types of questions.
2 Indefinite Tenses. Rules of transliteration. Visiting card (making) 3/5
3 Continuous Tenses. Resume (writing) 3/5
4 Perfect Tenses. Business Letter and Letter of Application (writing) 3/5
5 Capital letter. Preparing job interview (writing, speaking) 3/5
6 Passive Voice. Culture manners in different countries (reading, speaking) 3/5
7 Sequences of Tenses. Prepare a Code of conduct in your future organization (Writing) 3/5
8 Modal Verbs. Business call manners. Telephone dialogues (Speaking) 3/5
9 Conditional sentences. Prepare information about advantages and disadvantages of one 3/5
type of business organization. (writing)
10 Subjunctive Mood. Describe the structure of one of the famous companies. (writing) 3/5
11 Gerund. My studio. (speaking) 3/5
12 Participle I. Preparing a presentation of a project (reading, writing) 3/7
13 Participle II Presenting a project (speaking) 3/8
14 Writing the minutes of an imaginary meeting 3/6
15 Negotiations 3/6
Complex Practical Individual Task 30/30
Total 75/112
8. Training
Not provided by the syllabus.
9. Teaching methods and assessment methods
Teaching methods
TM - Verbal: conversation, story, explanation, annotated reading of the text.
1
TM - Practical: classes/contact hours, performing exercises according to the provided
2
sample.
TM - Visual: illustration, demonstration.
3
TM - Work with educational and methodical literature (thesis, annotation, essay writing)
4
TM - Video method in combination with the latest information technologies and computer
5
learning tools (distance, multimedia)
TM - Self-study (writing an essay, preparing a presentation, working on a team project)
6
TM - Individual research work of students.
7
Assessment methods
AM - Oral or written questioning;
2
AM - Testing;
4
AM - Team projects;
5
AM - Essay;
6
AM - Presentation of the results of completed tasks and researches;
7
AM - Presentations and speeches at scientific events;
8
AM - Evaluation of the results of individual tasks;
9
AM - Credit
10

10. Assessment forms and criteria
Summative credit score (on a 100-point scale) in Professional English is determined as a
weighted average value, depending on the specific weight of each credit component:
1 semester
Complex practical
Formative Summative
Module control test individual task Summative
assessment control
credit
Credit Credit Credit Credit score
Credit
module 1 module 2 module 3 module 4
Weighting 40% 20% 20% 20% - 100%
Maximum score (on
100 100 100 100 - 100
a 100-point scale)
Scale of Assessment:
University
National scale ЕСТS scale
grade scale
90-100 Excellent А (Excellent)
85-89 Very good В (Very good)
75-84 Good С (Good)
65-74 Satisfactory D (Satisfactory)
60-64 Sufficient Е (Sufficient)
FX (Fail, some more work required before the credit can be
35-59 Fail
awarded)
1-34 Fail F (Fail, mandatory repeated course is required)
The grade of the formative assessment is defined as the average arithmetic grade got during
the contact hours. Assessment is carried out according to four types of speech activity (listening,
speaking, reading, and writing).
The grade of the module control highlights how successfully students achieved the learning
outcomes of a content module. A module control is carried out after fulfilling of all tasks within
content module according to the Syllabus in Professional English.
Assessment criteria:
90–100 points are awarded to a student who is fluent in the program material, reveals and
demonstrates personal creative abilities, knows how to acquire new knowledge independently,
demonstrates thorough knowledge, skills and practical skills. A student finds and processes the
necessary information without the help of a teacher, knows how to use acquired knowledge and
skills to make decisions in non-standard situations, knows how to use methods of scientific
substantiation of own decisions.
75–84 points are awarded to a student who is able to compare, generalize, systematize
information under the guidance of a teacher, independently apply it in practice; to correct mistakes,
including significant ones, to select individual arguments to support opinions.
65-74 points are awarded to a student, who reproduces a significant part of the theoretical
material, demonstrates knowledge and understanding of the main points with the help of the
teacher, can superficially reproduce and analyze the educational material, correct mistakes, among
which there is a significant number of essential ones.
60–64 points are awarded to a student who knows the educational material at a level higher
than the initial one, reproduces a significant part of it at the reproductive level, or knows the
material at the level of separate fragments that represent an insignificant part of the educational
material.
35–59 points are awarded to a student of higher education who has mastered the material at
the level of separate fragments that represent a small part of the educational material.

0–34 points are awarded to a student who has knowledge at the level of basic recognition
and reproduction of some facts, elements, objects.
11. Tools, equipment and software, the use of which involves the academic discipline
№ Name No. of the Theme
1 Multimedia support, the Internet 1-15
Methodological support
1. Professional English [Текст]: Методичні вказівки до практичних занять та самостійної
роботи для здобувачів другого (магістерського) рівня вищої освіти, освітніх програм
«Дизайн», «Архітектура та містобудування», галузей знань 02 Культура та мистецтво,
19 Архітектура та будівництво, спеціальностей 022 Дизайн, 191 Архітектура та
містобудування, денної та заочної форм навчання / уклад. А.М. Губіна, А.П. Мартинюк.
Луцьк : Відділ іміджу та промоції Луцького НТУ, 2022. 152 с.
2. Ділова іноземна мова. Електронний посібник «Business English Course» для здобувачів
другого (магістерського) рівня вищої освіти усіх освітніх програм, усіх галузей знань,
усіх спеціальностей денної та заочної форм навчання / уклад. А. В. Шевчук, А.М. Губіна,
А.П. Мартинюк. Луцьк : Відділ іміджу та промоції ЛНТУ, 2024.
3. Ділова іноземна мова [Текст]: Методичні вказівки до практичних занять для здобувачів
другого (магістерського) рівня вищої освіти, усіх освітньо-професійних програм, усіх
галузей знань, усіх спеціальностей, денної та заочної форм навчання / уклад. А.М.
Губіна, А. М. Мартинюк. Луцьк : Відділ іміджу та промоції Луцького НТУ, 2021. 146 с.
4. Англійська мова [Текст]: Довідник з граматики до практичних занять та самостійної
роботи для здобувачів першого (бакалаврського) рівня, галузі знань: усі; спеціальності:
усі денної та заочної форм навчання / уклад. А.М Губіна, А.П. Мартинюк. Луцьк :
ЛНТУ, 2021. 78 с.
Recommended sources of information
5. EvansV, DooleyJ. Grammarway 4. Berkshire: Express Publishing, 2019. 276 p.
https://www.expresspublishing.co.uk/en/grammarway-4-students-book
6. John Allison, Jeremy Townend, Paul Emmerson. The Business, Upper Intermediate Student's
Book, 2013, 143 p.
7. Mark Foley, Diane Hall. My Grammar Lab, Pearson, 2019. 370 p.
8. David Cotton David Falvey Simon Kent. Market Leader Intermediate. Business English Course
Book. Pearson Longman, Financial Times, 2008. 176 p.
9. John Rogers. Market Leader Intermediate. Business English Practice File. Pearson Longman,
Finantial Times, 2011. 99 p.
10. Mascull Bill. Business Vocabulary in Use, Advanced. Cambridge University Press, 2004.
11. Mascull Bill. Business Vocabulary in Use. Cambridge University Press, 2002.
12. Naterop B. Jean, revel Rod. Telephoning in English. Third Edition. Cambridge University
Press, 2004.
13. Redman Stuart English Vocabulary in Use / Stuart Redman. University Press, Cambridge,
2015. 264 p.
14. Sandler P.L., Stott C.L. Manage with English. Oxford University Press, 1993.
15. Vicki Hollett. Business Opportunities. Oxford University Press, 1999.
16. Wallwork, А. Meetings, Negotiations, and Socializing, Guides to Professional English, DOI
10.1007/978-1-4939-0632-1, Springer Science+Business Media New York 2014
17. https://study.com/academy/lesson/web-design-lesson-plan.html
18. https://study.com/academy/lesson/what-is-graphic-design-definition-explanation.html
19. https://study.com/academy/lesson/landscape-design-lesson-plan.html
20. https://www.krisamerikos.com/blog/phone-coversation-in-english
21. https://www.thoughtco.com/telephone-practice-english-with-dialogues-1211307